Added include_metadata feature and some fixes (#7)
Zipstack/unstract-python-client: README.md

    print(e)
```

## Parameter Details

`api_timeout`: Set a timeout for API requests, e.g., `api_timeout=10`.
`logging_level`: Set logging verbosity (e.g., "`DEBUG`").

> `include_metadata`: If set to `True`, the response will include additional metadata for each calls in the structured output, providing context of the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`include_metadata`: If set to `True`, the response will include additional metadata (cost, tokens consumed and context) for each call made by the Prompt Studio exported tool.
```
The user might not know what `structured output`
